Deduplicate and rewrite Fast Compiles section (#1414)
bevyengine/bevy-website: content/learn/quick-start/getting-started/setup.md

### Enable Fast Compiles (Optional)

Bevy can be built just fine using default configuration on stable Rust.
Unfortunately, the compile times are rather long.

> This section explains how to improve iterative compile times.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section explains how to speed up iterative compiles: the amount of time it takes to rebuild your project after changing a single file.
```

Author: Perfect; I knew this needed a something else but couldn't quite find it

#### Dynamic Linking

This is the most impactful compilation time decrease!

> If `bevy` is a dependency, you can compile the binary with the `dynamic_linking` feature flag.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can compile `bevy` as dynamic library, preventing it from having to be statically linked each time you rebuild your project. You can enable this with the `dynamic_linking` feature flag.
```

This goes a bit further what the flag does and why you would want it.

```sh
cargo run --features bevy/dynamic_linking
```

If you don't want to add the `--features bevy/dynamic_linking` to each run, this flag can permanently be set via `Cargo.toml`:

```toml
[dependencies]
bevy = { version = "0.13.0", features = ["dynamic_linking"] }
```

{% callout(type="note") %}

> Shipping your game with dynamic linking enabled is not recommended.

Reviewer: I'd like to see a quick sentence right above this about what dynamic linking is.

Reviewer: Targeted at proficient programmers who have never used a compiled lang before.

Author: I'm not entirely confident i grok it myself.

> Shipping your game with dynamic linking enabled is not recommended.
> Otherwise you will need to include `libbevy_dylib` alongside your game if you want it to run.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Shipping your game with dynamic linking enabled is not recommended because it requires you to include `libbevy_dylib` alongside your game, it prevents certain optimizations, and can increase the size of your game.
```

I tested it; compiling with dynamic linking adds about 30MB to your game if you sum the size of the main executable and `libbevy_dylib`.

> If you remove the `dynamic_linking` feature, your game executable can run standalone.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you remove the `dynamic_linking` feature, your game executable can run by itself.
```

I'm not sure "standalone" works well here.

```toml
[target.x86_64-unknown-linux-gnu]
linker = "clang"
rustflags = ["-C", "link-arg=-fuse-ld=/usr/bin/mold"]
```

{% callout(type="note") %}
Disabling `bevy/dynamic_linking` may improve Mold's performance.
<sup>[citation needed]</sup>
{% end %}

</details>

#### Nightly Rust Compiler

This gives access to the latest performance improvements and "unstable" optimizations

Create a ```rust-toolchain.toml``` file in the root of your project, next to ```Cargo.toml```.

```toml
[toolchain]
channel = "nightly"
```

For more information, see [The rustup book: Overrides](https://rust-lang.github.io/rustup/overrides.html#the-toolchain-file).

#### Generic Sharing

Allows crates to share monomorphized generic code instead of duplicating it.
In some cases this allows us to "precompile" generic code so it doesn't affect iterative compiles.
This is currently only available on nightly Rust.

To enable fast compiles, install the nightly rust compiler and LLD.
Then copy the contents of [this file](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/blob/latest/.cargo/config_fast_builds.toml) to `/path/to/project/.cargo/config.toml`.

> If something went wrong, check out our [troubleshooting section](/learn/quick-start/troubleshooting/) or [ask for help on our Discord](https://discord.gg/bevy).

Reviewer 2: I think this should be moved to be under the "Build Bevy" section. (In-between the 1st and second paragraph?) It doesn't really fit here.

Author: Yep; I thought to move it at some point but must have lost it

### Enable Fast Compiles (Optional)

Bevy can be built just fine using default configuration on stable Rust.
Unfortunately, the compile times are rather long.
This section explains how to speed up iterative compiles: the amount of time it takes to rebuild your project after changing a single file.

#### Dynamic Linking

This is the most impactful compilation time decrease!
You can compile `bevy` as dynamic library, preventing it from having to be statically linked each time you rebuild your project. You can enable this with the `dynamic_linking` feature flag.

```sh
cargo run --features bevy/dynamic_linking
```

If you don't want to add the `--features bevy/dynamic_linking` to each run, this flag can permanently be set with this command (edits `Cargo.toml` for you):

```sh
cargo add bevy -F dynamic_linking
```

> {% callout(type="note") %}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{% callout(type="warning") %}
```

Making this a warning instead of a note calls out how significant this is, and also nicely contrasts the note right beneath it.
